Add support docker compose v2 (#334)
buildkite-plugins/docker-compose-buildkite-plugin: README.md

The default is `on-error`.

### `cli-version` (optional)

> If set to `1`, plugin will use `docker-compose` executable, else `docker compose` will be used.

Reviewer: I believe that his wording makes it sound like version 2 is the default (I actually had to read the code to confirm it was not the case). I may suggest to word it differently:

```suggestion
If set to `2`, plugin will use `docker compose` to execute commands; otherwise it will default to version `1` using `docker-compose` instead.
```

Note that this wording also means that you will have to make a minor change to the logic of the code (see my other comment)
